some things are not in shortage these
days massive quantities of money have
been printed now flooding into the
system since credit is given away like
candy we have seen huge leverage
situations occur on all levels dangerous
schemes on all fronts you came here for
the truth today we are going to look at
several charts which I have prepared for
you beginning with this let's look at
leverage it is important to note that
when when we look at the fake GDP
numbers we will tell a fairy tale today
that suggests these numbers are real
okay but even
still they have been
escalating on a consistent basis minor
setbacks along the way okay let's just
pretend for a moment you look at
leverage on all fronts as I've said qu
corporate household margin and
Banks and this has escalated at a far
more dramatic level and the Divergence
between the two continues to
increase this here is a problem because
this so-called real
economy cannot support the weight
created by all the leverage on top of it
and
especially because this is on all fronts
we have to realize that there's not one
that could then bail out the
other this becomes a very big problem at
what point that's for you to
decide we need to minimize the amount of
risk we take it's very clear people feel
confident and they make their decisions
based on that however I believe that we
should really be more risk adverse at
this time
frame all right looking into the
next
chart fed balance sheet driving asset
prices I regularly show this
chart essentially what we've
had
is a mirroring or a
correlation between the feds balance
sheet and the S&P
and there have been times when this
isn't exactly accurate
but to me it
shows that since the financial crisis
these two have been moving for the most
part in lock step ever since this moment
where you had this extreme
escalation in the fed's balance
sheet while the stock markets were
coming down and it's very clear where it
has gone since this is in the upward
Direction now more recently of course
ever since qe3 has stopped you have seen
this um stagnation in the FED balance
sheet yet in more Rec recent months we
have seen the stock market increase that
could change at any moment and we know
when you look at it on a 10 year 50 year
100 Year basis you start to get you know
that bigger picture so we'll see how it
all goes in a few years
time but regardless during since the
financial crisis we have seen this
correlation that's very very
clear there are six charts here
essentially showing all the same thing
that all central banks have have engaged
in the same policy and that is to expand
the monetary base and do it in a way
that they feel is the right
one and that is simply expand to the
greatest degree possible the FED has
done it the ECB has done it China
England Switzerland Japan all engaging
in the same
uh you
know
project and I believe this is all a very
very dangerous scenario that's been set
up when you
see for the most part anyway they're all
moving in lock
step and you see the same thing Bank of
England there's this staircase going
upward and in this case China just
expanding no country is getting
away without doing this
policy not a single
one some more than others there's no
doubt Wells Fargo Residential Mortgage
applications this
is something that's telling to
me there is a trend over the past few
years of a a
decline and in the
last let's say several months here there
has been sort of a smaller decline but
the trend is showing a decline for this
specifically and I do believe that more
people as the prices rise and as the
economy worsens you have more people
renting you have people less people
buying into these
homes there could also be some
tightening some restrictions on real
estate but I don't see that happening I
don't really have much evidence of that
I think that it is more of the fact that
prices have increased simultaneously the
economy has
worsen gold in Turkish
l i mean it's very clear to
me that since the year 2000 it has
skyrocketed that's a devaluation of
their currency and then
you really get to the bottom of
this and think about this for a second
if you measured gold in US Dollars which
is the reserve
currency you would have an increase
since the year 2000
but when
you measure it like that and then
compare it to different currencies or
compare it to different asset classes
alog together you get a very different
picture let's just say gold you
know trading anywhere between you know
let's say 1,200 or
so but you can definitely see the again
the Divergence that's being created
there and all of a sudden gold seems to
be worth a lot more and I use gold as an
example you could do this with oil you
can do this with silver you can do with
corn and wheat and everything
else giving you a completely different
picture of that particular
commodity it's interesting to see Mike
Maloney does this a lot you could check
that
out
and to me
this really
shows
that when we're looking at something
don't take it just for face value you
need to step outside the box a little a
little bit and try to figure this out in
a different way if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative my first book is about
the four asset classes the history and
all of the ways to profit from these and
then the new book is about reducing your
monthly expens expenses tax incentives
earning income and becoming
self-sufficient put the two and two
together and you get yourself a very
respectable sustainable method for
freedom take care